# Avitab top-level structure

This directory is intended to reflect the top-level structure of Avitab products.

## Products

An Avitab **product** is typically an executable or loadable library (plugin).
The obvious examples are the Avitab X-Plane plugin, and the Microsoft Flight Simulator In-game Panel.

There are also desktop and web-based versions of the UI used for development testing, and tools
that are used to build navigation databases offline.

Each **product** has a small amount of wrapper code that instantiates the Avitab core library and
whichever drivers are appropriate for the simulation, window-ui, and host platform, and
hooks them together.

Product-specific code will be found in the `product` sub-directory.

## Environments

The Avitab core library uses a number of abstract interfaces to its **environment** allowing
the core library code to be agnostic about which **product** it is running in.

The **environment** is split into interfaces for the **simulation**, **window-ui**, and **platform**.
Each of these interfaces has a number of possible implementations.

These abstract interfaces are defined in the `env` sub-directory.

## Core library

The core library is (or should be) agnostic about its **environment** and should access
all environment-dependent services through the interfaces defined in the `env` sub-directory.

All Avitab common code is in the `core` sub-directory.

## Simulation drivers

Simulation drivers are available for X-Plane, MSFS, and a mock simulation that can be used for automated and desktop testing.

The simulation drivers provide user plane location, nearby traffic, time, weather, and other simulation-specific information.

The simulation drivers will be found in the `sim` sub-directory.

## Window-UI drivers

Window-UI drivers are available for X-Plane, MSFS, standalone desktop GUI, and standalone web server.

The window-ui drivers provide services for displaying (also compositing) the frames generated by the core library,
and feeding user interactions (mouse, keyboard, etc) into the core library.

The window-ui drivers will be found in the `win` sub-directory.

## Platform

The platform is one of Windows, Linux, or Apple Mac. A small amount of code is specific to these platforms,
although mostly this is avoided by using portable C++17 source code.

The platform drivers will be found in the `platform` sub-directory.
